bytesize34 transcript dsl2 syntax (#1525)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/events/2022/bytesize-34-dsl2-syntax.md

Just **15 minutes** + questions, we will be focussing on topics about using and developing nf-core pipelines.
These will be recorded and made available at <https://nf-co.re>

> It is our hope that these talks / videos will build an archive of training material that can complement our documentation. Got an idea for a talk? Let us know on the [`#bytesize`](https://nf-core.slack.com/channels/bytesize) Slack channel!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is our hope that these talks / videos will build an archive of training material that can complement our documentation. Got an idea for a talk? Let us know on the [`#bytesize`](https://nfcore.slack.com/channels/bytesize) Slack channel!
```

`nf-core.slack.com` is the `Near Field Core` slack workspace.
We are `nfcore.slack.com`
